Steve Jobs once said that a smartphone
which cannot be fully managed
one handed is complete bullshit and if you
full of this advice without hesitation put
big
iphone 6 plus the sony
their own financial reports decided again
show compact device therefore
the last fa we saw sony z3 compact
flagship device as per
characteristics and price
Externally, the smartphone is not much different from
addition for three which is sold without
prefixes compact well except in
smaller dimensions
cedar is approved almost all facial
part takes protected by special
glass 4 6 inch ips screen with
hd-resolution, but the top is already crowded
light and proximity sensors logo
sony 2 megapixel front camera
and by the way the genome and the dynamics and here 2 2
located under the screen where we usually
used to seeing the touch keys
so if you turn the phone in
landscape orientation then get
the stereo sound on the ends is real
an abundance of all kinds of connectors and buttons
the middle right is the key
power management from just below
volume rocker and
it would be a little worth doing a little bit
more too this little button
and there are often false clicks more than that
if you like to measure with friends
the size of the volume keys
then this smartphone is clearly not for you on
first look on the left side i'm so much
dock connector well
no need to be an analyst with a capital letter
and to guess that the smartphone is protected
from water and dust so everyone else
items hidden under the plugs
they are here by the way 2 under the top do not hide
microusb and card slot
and under the lower tray for the sim card format
I personally have nothing against
Accommodation 2 pin connectors on the
among the left side but in our particular
The case on the appearance of the device is
not very positive effect but
bottom all feng shui holes for
mount strap and microphone on top of the same
no frills
audio output and another microphone back
the panel as well as the front is covered with a protective
glass but that doesn't mean that
a smartphone can easily survive all your
sudden crash tests by the way if you have
black model back side
can easily be covered with prints
sometimes these prints are even stronger
striking than sony and
xperia
but a regular napkin easily fixes this.
The problem of the camera and the flash is also on its own
habitual location
device I really liked
certainly plays an important role here 27
megapixel main module but in my
sony's personal imagination is always
I was famous for installing on my own
good smartphones are far from the best
photo software but recently all
changed the standard application can
find almost everything that only the soul
wish starting from automatic
mode where you are required only
push the button and finish
virtual reality which will add
on your usual video downtown
true dinosaurs by default all
pictures are taken by 8 megapixels let's
will be
from the moment is enough for
most tasks but if you want
squeeze the maximum out of the camera then a choice of 20
megapixel resolution in manual
the mode will not take you more than five
seconds snapdragon processor 801
it works at a clock frequency of 2 and 5
gigahertz given not a large resolution
screen graphics accelerator adreno 330
2 gigabytes of RAM 45000
parrots in antutu and 19000 in 3d mark
talk about any problems with
lutess performance is not necessary
here asphalt 8 by default use
maximum graphics settings lunch
trigger 2
despite average parameters such
feeling that gives out 60 fps even
dynamic scenes plov version
the operating system here is 444 and atop
it has a proprietary sony shell installed
here seriously from a small device with
only 8 6 millimeters thick as something not
expect good battery life i'm to
example did not expect him more than a day but
sony managed to push in a small
2600 smartphone battery
milliampere hours
the same words are set in still sevan m8
but there is a bigger screen and resolution
taller with my usage mode i
charged the smartphone about once a
two days and this is a very good indicator in
settings, you can enable stamina mode
which will extend the running time for another
a few hours and if you believe
approximately calculated time
altogether make him immortal at
full charge the program promise some
too emotional way for days
to figure out the positioning
smartphone you just need to look at it
name prefix compact there explain
all happy that it is not trimmed
version of the flagship z3 is practically
deck spear which is only
lost 1 gigabyte of ram and
a little bit in battery capacity though
autonomy is not reflected
last price difference for z3
asking about 600 10 dollars then
for z3 compact will be asked for 120 dollars
less about 490 how much is it in
hryvnia you better not know
seriously 13 blind pieces